tidb-cloud: add Azure Blob Storage access configuration for Dedicated (#19090)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/dedicated-external-storage.md

Reviewer: It is not recommended to change the name of the document, as it will be referenced in multiple places on the page
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49b1321b-1d7f-4344-af65-1c0493651613)

Reviewer 2: In this PR, we’ve added an alias for the old doc link as follows so that anyone clicking the old doc link will be redirected to the new link. However, it’s still recommended to update the link in the Cloud console for consistency after the changes in this PR take effect on the docs website.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcba78bb-0ad4-41f2-bb9e-37256688f813)

To allow TiDB Cloud Dedicated to access your Azure Blob container, you need to configure the Azure Blob access for the container. You can use a service SAS token to configure the container access:

1. On the [Azure Storage account](https://portal.azure.com/#browse/Microsoft.Storage%2FStorageAccounts) page, click your storage account to which the container belongs.

2. On your **Storage account** page, click **Security+network** in the left navigation pane, and then click **Shared access signature**.

   ![sas-position](/media/tidb-cloud/dedicated-external-storage/azure-sas-position.png)

3. On the **Shared access signature** page, create a service SAS token with the necessary permissions as follows. For more information, see [Create a service SAS token](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview).

    1. In the **Allowed services** section, choose the **Blob** service.
    2. In the **Allowed Resource types** section, choose **Container** and **Object**.
    3. In the **Allowed permissions** section, choose the permissions as needed. For example, importing data to a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster needs the **Read** and **List** permissions.

>     4. Adjust **Start and expiry date/time** as needed. For security reasons, it's recommended to set an expiration date that aligns with your data import timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    4. Adjust **Start and expiry date/time** as needed. For security reasons, it is recommended to set an expiration date that aligns with your data import timeline.
```

    5. You can keep the default values for other settings.

   ![sas-create](/media/tidb-cloud/dedicated-external-storage/azure-sas-create.png)

4. Click **Generate SAS and connection string** to generate the SAS token.

5. Copy the generated **SAS Token**. You will need this token string when configuring the data import in TiDB Cloud.

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB Cloud does not store your SAS token. It is recommended that you revoke or delete the SAS token after the import is complete to ensure the security of your Azure Blob Storage.
> 
> Remember to test the connection and permissions before starting your data import to ensure TiDB Cloud Dedicated can access the specified Azure Blob container and files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Before starting your data import, it is recommended that you test the connection and permissions to ensure that TiDB Cloud Dedicated can access the specified Azure Blob container and files.
> - TiDB Cloud does not store your SAS token. After the import is complete, it is recommended that you revoke or delete the SAS token to ensure the security of your Azure Blob Storage.
```
